Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
BEAUTIFUL
GORGEOUS
LOOKS AMAZING!
SOUBAYLO INVESTS
IN INNOVATIVE CHEMISTRY
ORGANIC MARKET
WASTEWATER SOUBAYLO
CREATES DEVASTATING DAMAGE
BASEMENTS NEARBY VILLAGES FLOODED
ALARMING RISKS TO PUBLIC HEALTH
BREATHING DIFFICULTIES
EYE IRRITATION
GONE TO THE SHOP WITH JULIUS.
CHECK THE FRIDGE. -L
VICTIMS' FAMILIES FILE LAWSUIT
AGAINST CHEMICAL GIANT
(+) = DEAD?
5 OFFICIAL DEATHS?
WITNESSES? SURVIVORS?
SANCTIONS?
CEO INDICTED - SOUBAYLO KEEPS QUIET
SUSPECTED CORRUPTION
CHECK IN ON JULIUS
SHAME ON YOU!
PSYCHIATRIC INVESTIGATION
ANXIETY
PARANOIA
POSTPARTUM PSYCHOSIS HEREDITARY